beautiful drawing together the little place
pelican a young gay
I am trying to not will not show everything
today took the life it will not give
right
How are we going to do this?
that no one knows what we need
We need more, do not leave here.
I'll be back
the ship that can help us carry everything
which we found some idea of
attention or draw in the American market
to carry them away you 'll see
I'll start on a good hook head.
great
I'll continue the line down to
make the neck long
I'll draw my back a line later.
slightly all down then the
do the tail
I will continue with this line and make a
large rounded belly and back to
Brazil to make the neck
here I draw the race always comes with
four dots for the lenses and with
a cart on the island two nothing will not
be with the wings and another, but with a
beak
let's put it all in the nozzle
has a rich logo and fun club with one block
economic that you saw in a mustache
to fish that he can never put
a portion of sea fish
exactly and in the end I will do
two good for the eyes and a draw
two feathers as if they were two boots and
now it's time for nobody
this my friends and make me happy
legs orange fibers
now I will be presenting our
forró the sky hello the one happens to fly in a
Such a beautiful place, this is it for us.
everything is fine, mexican
Can you help us take some
things but of course I can but you
know that pelican sound accurate poet
Think dreaming and now take a nap is
my goal but we linked a
eich
My favorite food I have not eaten yet.
Nothing I can not resist
so now you want to help us one
man obese of the peak put to that taste
Makes me dream about this the alarm clock we
we found the lake
my side
and more these things Saturday,
I could be sick or worse.
we need a solution for so much
pollution
I promise that you will never play anything
in the deep waters of the sea -
nor 11 children you just a beauty
You really need to take care of things.
from nature
we can never forget our planet
protect from it's full American
You make a big ranch for the head and
then if you make a line that the curve
for the back
the tail and a big belly then that
You come back to finish in the neck that
You do mc like to the rear but with
four dots for the feather and then the
designed with the band at the end of the
taboo Grandino down and do not forget
eyes fill their legs
now it only values ​​by organizing
Nobody, my friend, would like us.
help protect our planet
of course I have to make it easy for you
just need to open the public also have
now that you have learned to draw a
territory you can play on your shirt
9 I did not know